[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: What
would our world look
like if all our energy
supplies were essentially free?
What would that do to
manufacturing and production?
What would that do to the
potentials for human beings
across the world to be more
comfortable, more productive,
and more creative?
And most importantly, imagine a
world with truly clean energy.
James Martinez has
been closely following
the field of cold fusion since
its appearance in the headlines
nearly 25 years ago.
Much is happening
behind the scenes
now to bring this
much-anticipated technology
to reality.
James, it's great
to see you again.
It's been a couple
years since we've
done an interview on
the subject and a lot's
happened since then.
So for the benefit
of people who are not
familiar with this whole
subject of cold fusion,
and this is something
that's essential, I think,
to start putting into
our consciousness
on a variety of levels.
Give us a background
of yourself first
and how you became
involved with cold fusion,
because they're going
to say, who is this guy
and why is he telling us
the story of cold fusion?
>>JAMES MARTINEZ: Sure.
I got into the area of cold
fusion via a business colleague
of mine by the name
of Walter Bowart, who
wrote a book called
"Operation Mind Control."
He was one of the people that
started the counterculture
and kind of new news, like
fringe news as they call it
today, through the "East
Village Other" in New York.
And we had an instant
connection about our lives
and our personalities
and so forth,
and I was very interested in
what he'd done with that book.
And in that conversation,
he said to me, he says,
"Do you know about this
issue with cold fusion?"
And I said, "Yeah, I do."
And he asked me, "When did
you first hear about it?"
And I said, "Well,
I was driving my car
and I heard it on the radio."
And my first reaction was,
when I heard it on the radio,
is that these guys, either
their careers are over,
or they're not going to
live very long talking
about this type of
technology, which is basically
what it is in a nutshell.
It's because there's
a lot of confusion
on how it should be addressed
and what it should be called.
Cold fusion tends to be the
name that people call it;
however, they're seven
other names that are used.
>>REGINA: OK, give us the
range of names that are used.
>>MARTINEZ: LENR
and cold fusion,
I don't want to
confuse the matter,
are the ones that are primarily
used to address the situation.
So what it basically
means is, without getting
into technical scenarios, is you
put a certain amount of energy
into an energy source, and
you get more energy out it.
So it's like--
>>REGINA: Over-unity.
>>MARTINEZ: Over-unity, right.
And never ending
over-unity, perpetual.
So what that would mean is the
end of scarcity for energy use
worldwide.
So you can imagine
when this came out
on Time magazine,
Newsweek, cover--
>>REGINA: I remember
when it came out.
>>MARTINEZ: It was
all over the world.
>>REGINA: I mean, I thought, oh
my god, it's really happening.
>>MARTINEZ: It was
all over the world.
>>REGINA: I think at the time,
I was an environmental reporter,
as a matter of fact, so I found
it is also very interesting.
And then, boom, dead.
>>MARTINEZ: Right.
>>REGINA: Dead.
>>MARTINEZ: So it was all
covered up, classified.
The Defense Intelligence
Agency classified it.
Pons and Fleischmann,
Martin Fleischmann
was the genius with Stanley
Pons that discovered this,
and they were kind of premature
in their announcement of it
and the way they announced it,
and it was all put undercover.
So my first learning about it
was listening on the radio.
But when I met with Walter
Bowart about it, he asked me,
"Well, do you know
what the effects
are going to do to society?"
And I said, "Well, I've
thought about it a little bit,
but I don't think it's
ever going to come out."
>>REGINA: So just to
get clear on this.
Walter Bowart really
was tasked with--
he had one of those minds
that could future pace--
>>MARTINEZ: Very much so.
>>REGINA: -on very
large systems levels.
That is what he
was well known for.
>>MARTINEZ: Very much so.
>>REGINA: I mean,
even though we're
talking about what
"Operation Mind Control"
as the book, that has
other implications too.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: So let's
get into it now.
>>MARTINEZ: The
implications of that
were he was exponentially
exposed to what was going on
in the military industrial
complex about the use
of behavior modification
on unwilling participants.
And when he announced
that with this book,
he was very much
into, OK, these are
all the problems in the world,
but what are the solutions?
And he was very
solution-oriented
after the publishing
of that book.
And I was asked to
come in on something
that was called the Freedom
of Thought Foundation, which
was headed up by him.
Colonel Fletcher Prouty, who was
Mr. X in Oliver Stone's movie
"JFK," and he was probably
the intermediary person
between the Air
Force and the CIA.
And he wrote a book
called "The Secret Team."
He was one of the big
people that found out
the inner workings of the
military industrial complex
and warfare and public policy
and Department of Energy,
and he saw lots of
problems with it.
And the Freedom of
Thought Foundation
mostly began with cognitive
liberty, free speech,
the ability to express
yourself under any conditions
in the news and allowing
that information to come out.
Also on the table
was what we were
working towards was repealing
the National Security Act,
and then bringing
forward cold fusion.
Colonel Fletcher
Prouty was involved.
Walter Bowart was involved.
Colonel Thomas Bearden
was involved also.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Mm-hm.
>>MARTINEZ: And myself.
And I was brought in because of
my unusual perceptive skills,
a way of getting
through to people
because I didn't nearly
have the credentials
that these guys did.
But I knew they knew I
was going to outlive it,
and they also knew
I was committed
to bringing this information
out on cold fusion
and being involved with
the process of deployment
of this technology
for the world.
So that was the
beginning for me there.
And I didn't do a lot
in the very beginning
with it, though it was in
conversation all the time when
I was working with Walter
Bowart because we were working
on the kind of supplementary
published material
after "Operation Mind Control."
So I came in from a completely
totally different angle,
because we knew at
the very beginning,
this thing was going to
be totally covered up,
but we knew it was the answer.
We knew right then
in the very beginning
that most of the world's
problems in terms of energy
were myth.
Yet, we'd have to deal with
all the political, social
ramifications, as well as the
media ecological ramifications.
>>REGINA: And economic.
>>MARTINEZ: And economic.
Because it affects everything--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: -by the
deployment of it.
So I-- in the very
beginning of my involvement
with this, he would
always lecture me,
because we'd have
very heated arguments.
He'd always say,
"James, just remember,
technology dictates modality."
And this was something
Marshall McLuhan brought up
in "The Medium is the Message,"
and he had a lot of references
to his work, because
we were concerned
about the effects of
technology and how would
you take something this
powerful and then bring it out
to the world?
For you and me
and everybody else
to end the dependency
on oil, end conflicts,
liberate the human condition.
He was very much
about liberating
the human condition
worldwide, as were
these other people in
the very beginning.
So my involvement
from the very end
was there to-- instead
of pointing the finger
at all the problems
of the world,
we were trying to say,
hey, wait a minute.
If this comes out on the table,
this resolves a lot of things,
but it also changes the
structure of perception
and affects the mosaic of the
sensory systems in which people
interact.
And one of the ways, when I was
talking on radio about that,
is for instance, is the--
and I use this all the time--
is the invention of the
telephone, or the cell phone.
Cell phones completely
destroyed social space.
It's changed the family.
It changes the
biological response.
>>REGINA: It's shocking.
>>MARTINEZ: It's shocking.
>>REGINA: I mean, to go
into-- I'm in the airport
all the time, right?
>>MARTINEZ: Right.
>>REGINA: To walk
through the airport
and it's amazing that we're
not doing bumper cars, I mean,
because nobody's
looking up anymore.
I just watch in amazement.
People are all walking
through the airport like this.
How do they even avoid
hitting each other?
>>MARTINEZ: Correct.
>>REGINA: You know,
there's no connection.
>>MARTINEZ: This is
one of the effects.
Now, when the inventors of this
were putting this together,
they didn't sit
around on the table
and say, well, let's look at
the social effects of what
we're doing here.
Nobody does that.
Nobody talks about it.
Marshall McLuhan was
probably the first person
that really talked about
the effects of technologies
and what they do when they're
implemented into culture.
And Walter was like pounding
me and lecturing me constantly
about that saying this
needs to be out on the table
and discussed worldwide.
Not just by political figures or
people in economics or artists,
but everybody in
different classes
and different
cultural environments.
Because we knew that when
you place this on the table,
like in a business sense,
your competition is finished.
>>REGINA: Right.
And so, it has not thus
far liberated humanity.
>>MARTINEZ: No.
>>REGINA: It's
just, shall we say--
>>MARTINEZ: It's right
at the brink now.
>>REGINA: It's at
the brink, but it's
been totally-- they were--
Pons and Fleischmann themselves
were slaughtered in the media.
>>MARTINEZ: They were
totally slaughtered.
>>REGINA: Slaughtered
by their peers.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: And so we know what's
been building underneath it,
because now there's serious
money, serious scientists.
>>MARTINEZ: That's right.
>>REGINA: We can't see it
yet, but it's right there.
But, let's talk about,
backing up again,
what Walter Bowart's vision of
how this would affect the world
was at that time.
Just like you say,
no one envisioned
how the fabric of society would
be changed with cell phones.
What was his vision
of introducing
essentially free
energy onto the scene?
>>MARTINEZ: Well, one of
things is his interest
in me was not only my unusual
communications skills,
but I had a real
problem with banks.
Now the first interview
I ever did with you
was regarding what I was doing
with the credit card user.
>>REGINA: Right.
Helping people
basically clear debt.
>>MARTINEZ: Right.
By the use of this invention
called the credit card,
which, again, is an extension
of the central nervous system
as all inventions are.
And Marshall McLuhan used to
say, man shapes his tools,
and then his tools shape him.
So when he found out that I
was suing all the credit card
companies and banks and was very
successful at getting people
out of credit card debt,
avoiding bankruptcy,
getting their houses back,
he started to ask me,
he said, well what are
the behavioral traits
having to do with
the use of this?
Because he understood, and
Marshall McLuhan understood
this as he mentioned, that
when the electrification
or electrocution of
society by the use
of lightspeed communication
affects the structure of money.
So we couldn't have accumulated
mass amounts of debt
without the use of instantaneous
communication via lightspeed,
via the transaction that
people use now today, right?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: So he spent lots
of time, and I was telling him,
well, this is what
happens and this
is what people do when they get
these contracts and people are
desensitized to the
spending habits,
they're cut off-- they
do the same thing as when
you go to Vegas.
They don't want you
putting cash on the table.
They want to exchange
the cash for the chips
so it changes your perception.
>>REGINA: Your
relationship to it.
Yeah.
>>MARTINEZ: Correct.
And Marshall McLuhan talked
about the credit card
and what it would do to money.
So when I would talk with
Bowart, I would say, well,
this is what's happening
in the financial industry,
but if we bring in free
energy, it's going to change
the structure of money forever
because-- why would you be--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So that's very abstract for
most people saying, what?
How does free energy
change the nature of money?
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
Because money as
what it is today,
is completely misunderstood
by most economists.
And they never talk about
instantaneous communication
between ports A and B when we're
transferring money from A to B,
and why all the banks
have been broken into,
why everything's been hacked,
why we have all this debt.
All of it's been
planned, of course.
But how do you
accumulate that much?
You accumulate that much
by the instantaneous
transaction of lightspeed.
McLuhan talked
about this in depth,
and Walter was a student of
his and actually met with him
at his final lecture.
So in amongst all
of that while I
was doing that
stuff for the banks,
and eventually talked about
you and the effects of that,
I was also involved
with cold fusion
and what that would do to
change the structure of money.
OK, let's go into
that for a second
because most people
don't understand that.
If I have a cold fusion
device that gives me
unlimited energy and
my competitor business
doesn't, and I'm using let's
say a 3D printer with an energy
source to manufacture shoes.
My cost, and the amount
of labor, and who I pay,
I beat that other person
every time, right?
>>REGINA: Mm-hm.
>>MARTINEZ: So that's going
to change competition,
it's going to change
what is money.
If we have this ability
to have this free--
>>REGINA: Basically create
stuff out of nothing.
>>MARTINEZ: Correct.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: Like right now, with
what's coming in the next five
to six years, just with the
exchange and the utilization
of the 3D printer
with cold fusion--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>MARTINEZ: I'm sorry.
It's over.
>>REGINA: The manufacturing
game is totally changed.
>>MARTINEZ: Right.
It's over.
China used to be the
work force of the world
and they used to beat
everybody because they
had more people in the workforce
and they paid lower amounts.
Now that's going
to be different.
That's going to completely
change manufacturing.
It's going to change warfare.
It's going to change money.
It's going to change everything
because we have the ability now
to take this energy source
and utilize it forever.
It's going to change--
it's going to distort time.
It will have all sorts of
unusual effects around it.
Now, I always go back to the
effects of the cell phone
because the cell phone
still today-- the cell
phone supersedes
life, in general.
They didn't think
they would have
to make new legislation
because people would
be interested and
have no problem
standing in the
middle of a street
when traffic is coming
and looking down.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: Because they
have this media extension
that's attached to their body.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: And it has
more-- it supersedes
logic and our own intuition
about our own personal safety.
Nobody said anything about that.
Nobody discussed it.
They just deployed it
and put it out there.
And it was never really
gone into in depth,
the effects of that.
Now we're going to have
an energy source which
is-- it's more valuable than
gold, diamonds, anything.
Now, I've said this in
front of bank people
while they're bragging to
me about this new banking
structure that's
going to take over
and it's a new economic change
that we're going to have.
And I said, well, that's great.
OK, we're going to have this
backed currency and so forth.
And I said, what about this?
What about I put a
device in front of you
that gives you this energy
or a bar of gold or diamonds.
What do you think the general
person's going to take?
They're going to take
the energy source always.
>>REGINA: Yes, true.
>>MARTINEZ: That's how it
changes the structure of money.
So the people involved with
all this, they know that.
But do they understand that and
do they talk about the effects?
No, they don't
because scientists
have a certain fixed
perception about what is,
and marketing people have a
complete totally different
understanding about
how to discuss it.
And all these people, all
the scientists and everybody
involved with cold fusion
at the moment, which
is a small amount,
they aren't talking
about any of that at all.
I am.
They're not.
I come in and say
well, what about this?
What's going to happen when
you put it in this country
and how's it going to affect
competitor businesses?
Is it going to be secret?
How is it going to be deployed?
Who's going to deploy it, and
how is it going to be done?
All those things need to
be discussed because it's
everybody's business, and it's
mostly the public's business.
It should not be up to some
bureaucrat or the Department
of Energy or the
National Security
Agency or the president.
This is the second coming to
liberate the entire human race.
That's what I bring
to it and I discuss it
to people because right now,
it's mostly about money,
control, who has
the rights to it,
and what is the best and
smartest way to deploy it?
That's really behind the scenes
what the top guys talk about.
>>REGINA: OK, so thus far,
it's been not just kept quiet,
it's been sabotaged
completely on every level.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: And would you say
because of the complexity
of the issues you've
just mentioned,
that even though that has
been done for benefit,
for profit by the companies
who currently run the energy
systems of the world,
would you say that maybe it
was even wise that it has been
stalled out this long on one
level because we haven't
answered these questions yet?
Or would you say we're
there, we're ready now?
>>MARTINEZ: I think
we're ready, but I
think it needs to be discussed
not just with the scientists--
I've learned a lot
about scientists.
>>REGINA: Well, yeah.
They're very narrow focus.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: And
because their job is
to bring new things
to the world,
not to think about
the rest of it.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
Right.
>>REGINA: I know a lot
of wonderful scientists.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: I adore
scientists and physicists,
but that's their world.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes, and they cannot
be the only ones talking about
it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>MARTINEZ: I have always-- one
of the things I was doing when
I was in my travels abroad was
I had been asked by people,
science people and other
people I knew in Washington,
to put an international
consortium together of people
to oversee the deployment
that are ethical--
>>REGINA: A think tank again?
>>MARTINEZ: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Another
kind of think tank?
>>MARTINEZ: Yeah, a think tank,
a communication tank about how
to deal with this issue so as
to not create war, economic war,
so it's not abused.
Ethical people, not
necessarily scientists.
It could be artists.
It could be--
>>REGINA: I mean,
you know, as you're
talking about this, though,
just what you just brought up
a moment ago about this
war, this economic war-- I'm
sorry to cut you off there,
but I want to get into this.
You have X number of hundreds
of millions, billions
of people around
the planet that rely
on their labor for an income.
So when this is
deployed, when we
do have access to
this energy source
and when we do have a printing
of goods, so to speak,
what happens to the rest
of the however many billion
people on the planet?
>>MARTINEZ: Exactly.
>>REGINA: How do they derive
their income at this point?
>>MARTINEZ: Exactly.
>>REGINA: What happens?
I mean, we're talking about--
>>MARTINEZ: Do I have
the answer for that?
No.
>>REGINA: -but it's a complete
restructuring of civilization.
>>MARTINEZ: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
It's a total restructure
of civilization,
and the point you
just brought up
is exactly need to be discussed.
I don't have the
answers for that,
but dialogue will kind of give
us a direction on what to go.
>>REGINA: We can all move
into marketing goods.
>>MARTINEZ: Right.
Right.
Exactly.
We're-- the human race, all
the problems that people see
in the news and so forth,
they're not really real.
All the solutions, we have them.
It's how to take
man's inventions
and allow those
inventions to create
win-win scenarios between
governments, between countries,
between towns, cities,
and individuals.
So all of that needs
to be discussed.
And right now,
there's not really
a base, other than myself,
that just talks about that.
And every time I've ever
brought the subject up
in terms of economics
and money and so forth,
I get a lot of blank faces or
I don't know, or I want it,
how do I get it?
And--
>>REGINA: I think that
that's where most of us are.
I want it, how do I get it?
>>MARTINEZ: Yeah, I want it.
Where is it?
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>MARTINEZ: I want something.
How do I get it?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MARTINEZ: Well, and now that
brought up an interesting story
because as I was talking about
this in tangent with economics,
somebody called in while I
was on the radio and said,
well, we want it now.
Great.
Well, so do I. So what
was born out of that
was the coldfusionnow.org.
Not yesterday, not five
minutes, we want it now.
>>REGINA: Now.
>>MARTINEZ: So that's
probably-- I initiated all that.
I don't run that website.
I participate when
there's big things that
have happened behind the scenes.
But that particular
news agency started
for me and it's run
by other people,
and there's all these guest
writers and so forth on there.
And the reason I did that is
because I wanted the public
involved.
I don't want to do all of it.
I want you involved.
I want these people.
I want everybody involved.
>>REGINA: Well, our
consciousness has to be
involved in it because
it's going to--
>>MARTINEZ: Correct.
>>REGINA: -be up to all of us
to begin restructuring society.
>>MARTINEZ: Correct.
>>REGINA: If you have 10,000
people laid off in a plant
because this new technology
has just been implemented,
that's up to all of us
to start preparing for
and think of how is human
time and energy utilized
and supported in this.
We can all go into the Utopian
possibilities, and we have.
I'm very interested in a lot
of the Utopian possibilities.
But those also require
us to kind of retrograde
back into closer alliance with
the land, with small clusters
that we live within
where we have
to learn to be more
self-sufficient at the same
time these goods are being
pressed out of printers,
so to speak.
>>MARTINEZ: Right.
>>REGINA: It's
interesting to have
to go back into something
closer to our roots,
in terms of a functional way of
living, while at the same time
benefiting from high technology.
We have to figure that out.
>>MARTINEZ: Right.
This network actually
addresses that.
Whereas other ones, they
won't even deal with it,
touch it, discuss it.
And if it is discussed, it's
for a small amount of time
and probably don't have any
idea of the ramifications.
>>REGINA: OK, now
we're going to get
into the state of the technology
itself in a little bit
and talk about where we are,
how far away it is, where
it's possibly being deployed.
But first of all, let's
talk about this perception
issue a little longer.
You just came back from
England, and you were there
dealing with media.
You did a piece with the
Financial Times in London.
>>MARTINEZ: Mm-hm.
>>REGINA: And what
I want to know
is-- it's one thing to be
interviewed and do a piece.
It's another thing to see what
happens when it's printed.
>>MARTINEZ: Sure.
>>REGINA: How was
it actually treated?
Did they grok it?
Did they look at any
of the complexities?
Because that's a
coup to be addressing
such a respected journal.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
So, this is how it came to be.
I received an email
from an inventor
that the science editor of
The Financial Times of London
contacted him.
I'd been in touch with
this person in DC.
They forwarded that email to me.
And then what I did is
I engaged the science
editor from The
Financial Times of London
and I called him one
day and I said, "Did you
know this was happening?"
And, of course, he didn't know
anything that was going on.
He was still trying to get
comments from scientists,
but he didn't know the
effects of this truth that
are happening behind the scenes.
So I initially called him over
the phone, introduced myself.
I said this is how
long I've been involved
and where I've been involved
and why I've been involved.
And then eventually
when I got to England,
it was an interesting trip
there because I was there
to debrief people in kind
of the British aristocracy,
and The Financial
Times of London
is the financial kind
of media environment--
>>REGINA: Mouthpiece.
>>MARTINEZ: Yeah, for Earth,
out of the city of London.
>>REGINA: Right.
Got it.
>>MARTINEZ: Now they are-- I was
fascinated that they were going
to run the 25th anniversary
article on Pons and Fleischmann
and talk about this
at all, about where
it is, because I
talked privately
over the phone
with the guy and I
said, "You know what you're
doing here by running this,
do you not?"
I said, "You're changing
finance by doing this."
And he was very
level-headed about it,
and I said, "Well, that's
what's going to happen.
This is one of the effects
that is going to occur
and this publication is going to
be the one that runs the story.
So who has final say
about publishing it,
and what would be
the reasons why not?
And how are you
going to word it?"
So I went into the
offices there and I
spoke to Clive
Cookson who was there,
and I spoke with him previously
about my involvement with it
and then began to
tell him, I said,
"You need to talk
to this person,
you need to talk
this person, and you
need to talk to this person."
And I told him as an outsider
and a non-scientist who was
leading the way, why there was--
>>REGINA: Who all the
key players were, yeah.
>>MARTINEZ: Who all the key
players, and he knew that.
But he wanted to hear my kind of
opinion about the secrecy of it
because there's a lot of money--
all the biggest companies
in the world that we all have
heard about, they're involved.
They don't want you to
know that they're involved,
and they don't want any probing
into what they're doing.
And one of those groups is
Dr. Andrea Rossi's group.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: And he
initially was very public
about the E-Cat machine,
and then all of a sudden,
because companies
like Mitsubishi
have got a patent on
using cold fusion now.
Another company in Switzerland,
a big billion-dollar company,
has taken out a patent on this.
Now, I was telling
him all this--
>>REGINA: These are
all competing patents?
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: With Defkalion,
E-Cat, Brillouin.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
Yes, it's like--
>>REGINA: OK.
We're putting out a BMW,
we're putting out a Ford,
and we're putting out a Toyota.
>>REGINA: Right,
so now everybody's
got their cold fusion devices.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
But they don't want to
tell anybody about it,
and they certainly don't want
to say what their plans are,
of course.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MARTINEZ: So I'm telling
him-- so the Andrea Rossi
part of the deal was
is he shut his mouth.
We're going to give you
this massive amount of money
and we're going
to shut the doors.
Now, I've talked with
scientists about that
and they kind of agree
that's a smart idea.
Because most of
the scientists that
are involved in cold fusion
are walking backwards
into their future because
they're concerned about what
happened with Pons
and Fleischmann.
And there's vested interest in
their careers being destroyed
and this never coming
out for the powers that
be that are part of
the cabal or whatever
you want to talk about.
So I said, well,
they've gone secret.
I still can contact Rossi, but
he's not going to say anything.
And the group that kind of took
over everything he's doing,
they don't want to
talk to anybody.
In fact, I made
arrangements for the company
that is handling him to
talk to The Financial Times
and introduce him.
They didn't even
respond to my email.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MARTINEZ: They didn't
want to say anything.
>>REGINA: OK, what happened?
Were you shocked when you
read the final article?
>>MARTINEZ: No, I haven't seen
the final article because--
>>REGINA: Oh, you haven't yet?
>>MARTINEZ: No, because they
were interviewing everybody
and I don't know if this is
going to come out or not,
which is why I'm even talking
here in the first place.
This is the back up.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MARTINEZ: Or it could be
the front page situation.
Because I told Clive,
I said, "Listen,
if you don't put this out, I'm
going to talk about it anyway.
About me talking to you, about
you addressing this issue."
Nobody can hide anymore.
I'm tired of all the big
companies, everybody hiding
and acting like this
is not going on.
Because all the lower
forms of humanity
are involved,
don't kid yourself.
Greed, control, all the--
>>REGINA: Oh, you bet.
>>MARTINEZ: -big issues
with identity associated
with this and all
these things, which
defeats the entire
purpose, I feel.
So then I told him about
what Brillouin was doing,
and in fact they're--
>>REGINA: OK, let's talk
about who Brillouin is so--
>>MARTINEZ: Brillouin is made
up of a Director of Sciences,
Robert Goddess, Chief Executive
Officer is Bob George.
I've been to their labs
and I've seen everything.
I know everything
they're going on.
I have a great relationship.
I've also been at
SRI International.
I've see it, all of it,
right there before my eyes.
And what's interesting
is these guys
are talking about
commercializing
this business using
law, which isn't set up
to talk about this.
And I talked to
their lawyer and I
spoke with this lawyer
that's representing Brillouin
at this conference here
in Colorado, GlobalBEM,
about how are you using
law to define and determine
at the deployment of
this, walking backwards
into your future,
and knowing there's
no public policy about this.
What are you doing?
How are you wording
your contracts?
And I've seen some
of the contracts
that investors have to
come in and sign off
on when they say,
here, here's the money.
Go.
And it just-- I
look at it and I'm
like, who would be
involved with this?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: Well, because
of the way it's worded.
But here's the situation.
Brillouin Energy, money
has changed hands,
contracts have been signed.
What has happened now is
that the South Koreans are
commercializing the Brillouin
Boiler, which means--
>>REGINA: Speak
about how that works.
Just a little thumbnail
sketch of the technology.
>>MARTINEZ: What
they decided to do
is they wanted to retrofit
a boiler to existing power
plants, because they thought
that would be the best ways
to make alliances
with power companies.
>>REGINA: Right.
Use existing infrastructure
with new technology--
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: --and LENR,
low-energy nuclear reaction.
right?
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: And that
way, the lobbyists
won't come in and shut us
down, even though they tried
to shut them down, but
they came to an agreement.
So the Brillouin Wet
Boiler is for desalination
of water and
boiling water, which
many cultures and
many manufacturers
are all interested in doing.
So--
>>REGINA: Because they're still
using the steam effects of it,
or what?
>>MARTINEZ: Yeah.
>>REGINA: For further
energy output.
>>MARTINEZ: Steam.
Yes.
So what happened is that
various groups came in.
The Chinese have been there.
All their scientists
have been there.
DARPA's been there.
NASA's been there.
All the big names that you would
think that are involved in--
>>REGINA: Have
been to Brillouin?
>>MARTINEZ: Sure.
Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
So the South Koreans
came in and did
about a year of due diligence,
going through a fine-tooth comb
with everything having to
do with what's real there,
what's going on.
But they didn't do
it with just them,
they did it with
all the other guys,
too, all the other
people that are
having reactions
that are doing stuff.
So then they finally
came to an agreement.
And then Bob George
notified me and said,
"We've just come to agreement,
and now the South Koreans
are going to be
commercializing this thing."
That's a big, big deal.
>>REGINA: It's a big deal.
That should be on the cover
of The Economist and Time
and Newsweek.
>>MARTINEZ: You would think.
>>REGINA: You would think.
>>MARTINEZ: You
would think, right.
But most people don't even
understand it, let alone
know how to address it.
So that's one of the things
I told The Financial Times
of London, and I
said you need to talk
to this person, this
person, and this person,
and to get that out on the table
so that-- the train has left
the station now,
and we're going.
And that was the
big shift that I
was waiting for is to see
an outside company come in
and say, OK, it's
time to manufacture,
and then we're going to
start deploying this.
>>REGINA: Mm-hm.
>>MARTINEZ: Now the question is
what happens when that occurs,
what that's going to do?
And is the public and
the consumers of energy
going to be let in on this?
I've talked with--
>>REGINA: Will the consumer
benefit in any way?
>>MARTINEZ: They should.
>>REGINA: It should have lowered
energy costs, that's for sure.
>>MARTINEZ: Hello, exactly.
>>REGINA: In manufacturing, and
ultimately to the home user,
and so forth.
>>MARTINEZ: Right.
So some of the
scientists, they won't
say this publicly,
but some of them
that I know, they
realize the benefit
and what this is going to do
as far as healing the planet.
And that's how they see it.
It's their life work.
They cannot speak
like I do about it.
They have to speak
in scientific terms.
And quietly when
I speak to them,
that's the way they view it.
Some of the other ones are
strictly about money and profit
and me getting my
Nobel Prize, whatever.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: Some are like
that, but some are not.
So while I was in London
talking to The Times,
I said this is my
opinion of what's
going on, go and seek
it out and print it.
>>REGINA: Mm-hm.
>>MARTINEZ: Do the
world a favor for once.
Because it's very interesting
to find out that the public,
they want some authority
figure to tell the truth rather
than the truth be the authority.
>>REGINA: Right.
That's right.
They do.
>>MARTINEZ: Like some people,
they want to hear what I have
to say on CNN--
>>REGINA: But you can't--
>>MARTINEZ: -but I
wouldn't talk to them.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
You can't blame
humanity for that.
We've been totally conditioned--
>>MARTINEZ: Completely.
>>REGINA: -as Walter Bowart--
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: -and
McLuhan would say.
We have been conditioned
to wait for our news
from some perceived expert.
>>MARTINEZ: Correct.
Correct.
And I think that it's
everybody's business
to be involved with it and to
have some say in the matter,
instead of going
through our existing
broken political system,
which isn't working anymore.
>>REGINA: And our
broken media system.
>>MARTINEZ: Absolutely.
And Gaiam TV is--
this is the new news.
The real one.
The real news here.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: And as
you know, I rarely
like to do interviews
face-to-face on camera.
>>REGINA: Right.
I know.
>>MARTINEZ: And I haven't
done one for a long time,
and you're the only
one that I would really
go to at this point.
>>MARTINEZ: And I
appreciate that.
But I do have a memory.
So now, since we have
spoken about this
before, I remember
a couple of years
ago it was thought that
the Defkalion Group out
of Greece, who were working
with Rossi initially,
it was thought
that we were going
to start seeing actual-- they
even had price tags on it--
home units where you could
convert your home's energy
supply to these
cold fusion devices
and be essentially off the
grid for a tiny, tiny amount
of money.
What happened with all of that?
I haven't heard
anything more about it?
>>MARTINEZ: It's not over.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MARTINEZ: It's
not over at all.
Ironic to the situation, before
I arrived in Boulder here
to speak with you, this
I can't talk about,
but I can tell you that issue
that you were talking about,
that's not going to go away.
>>REGINA: It's
still on the table?
>>MARTINEZ: Oh,
it's on the table.
>>REGINA: Those devices
are still there?
>>MARTINEZ: No.
They're-- they have to deal
with that because of other
ramifications that have occurred
from my visit in England
and other things that I've
talked about this week
regarding-- see,
because right now,
it has to do with we need
money to do this to get it out,
right?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: Well, if you're
going to put money in it,
well then you've
got to benefit you
and you and all these other
people in a certain way
ethically.
So that's on the table and
that will be happening.
I assure you that
will be happening.
>>REGINA: Now that brings
in the big problemo which
is human beings becoming
untethered from the grid.
>>MARTINEZ: That's
one of the effects.
>>REGINA: That's
one of the effects,
but that's also one of
the issues, big issues,
because now you're
talking about sovereignty.
>>MARTINEZ: Correct.
Which is the whole point.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARTINEZ: Exactly.
From slavery to sovereignty.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: Now, it's
interesting you brought up
that word because the
first person that ever took
a public I'm going
to stand by this
was Russell Means, the
great American Indian.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>MARTINEZ: Now his wife,
who I spoke to last week,
mentioned the word sovereignty.
She goes, this is the changing
over from humanity from slave
to sovereignty, which
is the real issue why
I'm really involved.
Because of what money
has done to people,
what it's done to
society, and what
I've seen the money changers
of what-- the effects
they've had on families, and the
whole thing from top to bottom.
And this-- I've always felt this
particular deployment of this
will cancel a lot of that out.
But some people think that you
should work for me because.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: Because I said so.
Because I have this last name
and we've built up society
and we're the ones that have all
the money, and that's the way
it's to be.
>>REGINA: A kind of
personal imperialism, yeah.
>>MARTINEZ: Correct.
That's going to end anyway.
So when I was talking with Clive
Cookson at The Financial Times
about this, I said, do you
know how important this is
and what this really means?
And he understood all of it and
had a very level head about it.
Whether or not that
comes out or not,
it's irrelevant because now
it's coming out anyway here.
So I think that what's
going to happen,
what I know is
going to happen, is
there is going to be more public
involvement that I know about
now, that I will be
involved in hands on.
I've agreed to keep
all of that quiet
just because I have to be in
a kind of win-win relationship
with the science guys that
are actually going to do it.
>>REGINA: Right.
Because they're frightened.
I mean, we have to--
>>MARTINEZ: Sure they are.
>>REGINA: It's only fair to say,
I mean, a lot of people say,
well, why didn't they just
stand up and go for it?
You don't go for it when your
life is being threatened, when
your lab is being trashed,
when your technology is being
confiscated, when your patents
are being patently rejected
by the patent office.
It's a very, very
difficult scene
to navigate for these guys.
They're brainiacs.
They're there to
create technology,
not to have to navigate all
that, no less figure out
the extended societal
effects of it.
>>MARTINEZ: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And then how to
release that information
to the public.
>>MARTINEZ: Exactly.
>>REGINA: So it does take
a large team of people--
>>MARTINEZ: Absolutely
>>REGINA: -to bring
this about, but they all
have to be operating from a
similar level of consciousness.
And that is what's
not happening yet.
>>MARTINEZ: Exactly.
The heart of the matter is
always a matter of the heart.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: So I always mention
this when I'm talking to these
guys of what's-- coming
from that position,
this is our second chance for
the whole world to clean up
the mess that we've
done to the environment.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: However, we hear
all the green environmentalist
or whatever kind
of taking that tool
and using it to make massive
profits for themselves.
And they take that excuse
and then they decide to,
well, you need to do it our way
and we've got all the answers,
and you're going to pay
this amount of money
for us to clean this up.
And that's not exactly how
to do it, I don't think.
>>REGINA: No.
No, I agree with you.
Now another thing you
told me about-- now
this was maybe a year ago.
This was not on camera.
You were suggesting
that it might
have been a potential
for this technology
to be released on
reservation lands
where it is beyond the arm of
anything, any of the governing
bodies and so forth, and where
there's so much off the grid
stuff happening anyway and
poverty that the people would
benefit tremendously from this.
And I know before Russell
died not long ago,
this was a plan in motion.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK, so what's
happening with that plan?
>>MARTINEZ: OK.
>>REGINA: I don't know
if his wife, Pearl,
one of the most beautiful women
in the world on every level I
might say, dignified,
beautiful, wise woman,
I don't know if she's
still involved but--
>>MARTINEZ: Very.
>>REGINA: OK
>>REGINA: So what's--
>>MARTINEZ: So I will tell you.
>>REGINA: What
might be happening?
>>MARTINEZ: So initially,
Russell came to me
in the last stage
of his life and I
was very involved with him.
And I was reluctant to
get involved with him
because initially, when I
got on the phone with him,
it was like, well, let's
do a radio show together.
And I'm like, well, I'm
extremely controversial,
I don't care and this
is what I'm doing.
Because I was going head-to-head
with the banks at that point.
And I said, let me give
you the background,
and like I've told you.
And eventually, he came
to me on a phone call
and he said, can you get me one
of these cold fusion devices?
And I remember the exact
moment when he asked me,
I was standing in
front of a store
and I stopped in my tracks.
And I remember going, that
is the craziest request
I've ever heard of.
Why would someone
want to give that you?
I mean, I got everybody asking
me for that type of stuff.
And then I thought about it and
I said, "Well, let me ask, OK?"
So a week went by.
I talked to all the
leaders and explained
who he was to the world
and how important he was.
>>REGINA: And the unique
nature of reservation life.
>>MARTINEZ: The
unique nature, yes.
It's interesting that you
brought that up because there's
a big situation
going on with that.
So I got an answer
from Brillouin Energy
that they would donate a
device to the Russell Means
Library, which will be
built in South Dakota.
And while I was in London, I met
with an award-winning architect
designer by the name
of Pedro Roos, who's
agreed to do the
design pro bono.
>>REGINA: Wonderful.
>>MARTINEZ: That was one
of the big successes--
>>REGINA: Incorporating
this particular technology.
>>MARTINEZ: Absolutely.
He knew this is
the big deal here.
>>REGINA: That's wonderful.
>>MARTINEZ: So, I was
there sitting next to him
with Sean Stone, Oliver Stone's
son, and sitting next to me
was an author by the
name of Susie Anthony.
And before I even
finished explaining this,
he already agreed to do it.
So we've got an
award-winning designer
that's going to come in and
go to the location of where
this library is
going to be built.
There will be a device
in there for sure.
>>REGINA: Good.
>>MARTINEZ: Who's
going to make it
and who's going to have
their name on top of it, that
is up for discussion
because things have changed.
So I actually spoke to Pearl
Means a couple of days ago
and meetings have taken
place between certain tribes
right now.
And there is a
distinct advantage
about deploying
something over there.
Now Russell knew.
He was a very, very
wise intuitive guy.
And when I agreed to do it, I
agreed to do it because one,
he asked for it, and two,
I don't think history
should be allowed to
forget what happened
to the American Indian people.
And most Americans don't know
that 100 million, at least,
were slaughtered.
And that culture
has been forgotten.
Most people have no
idea what's going on
with the American Indians.
So I felt it would be symbolic
and important to resurrect
that culture via
Russell Means, to put
this device in the
Russell Means Library.
There's a lot of really big
people involved with this now,
and that is going
to move forward.
And I've had conversations
with people in Washington,
I've had conversations with
people in Europe about it.
And that is probably one of
the most significant landmarks
that will ever come
to be, actually.
>>REGINA: I am so
excited about this.
Can't wait.
I hope I can be in on
the story when it comes,
we can be there
with a camera crew.
Also, you just brought
up the legislature.
So I think Dennis Kucinich
is another one who
I admire greatly
as a politician.
He's been very brave.
He's stood in the face of
the rest of his colleagues
on a lot of issues.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
So I didn't know I was
going to meet him in London.
I went to a big benefit with
kind of the rich of England.
It was set up by a member of
the kind of British aristocracy.
>>REGINA: Mm-hm.
>>MARTINEZ: Lady Tracy
Worcester invited me
to an event in London.
He was so one of the
keynote speakers there.
Now I've got to say
this because there's
very few people in the world
that are master listeners, OK.
He's one of them,
which is remarkable.
When I was in the room with
him, he knew exactly who I was.
In fact, he came
right up to me and he
knew who I was, he says, "You're
with a Marshall McLuhan Center
on Global Communications,"
which was surprising.
>>REGINA: A well-informed man.
>>MARTINEZ: Very informed.
Very informed.
I said, "How do you know that?"
Because I don't have a website.
I don't do social media.
I stay behind the scenes
on purpose by design,
and he knew exactly who I was.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARTINEZ: And then I
proceeded to debrief him
on what's going on.
And he listened very
carefully and responded
very intelligently.
And I was quite really
happy to talk to him
about that, actually.
And he looked at me and he said,
"Well, I want to be involved."
And then he said, "Here's--"
he looks at me and he goes,
"You're creating a
hole here, aren't you?"
And I said, "Yeah, and
you know why, don't you?"
I didn't have to explain
anything to the guy.
He knew exactly what I was
planning on doing with this.
And I said, "The
time has come now
for the whole world--
for this new beginning
for the whole world,
not just financially."
And I said, "This was
invented in the United States.
This was-- we should
be the leaders.
We are the leaders right
now, but most of the world
doesn't know."
And I said, "I'm
putting together
an international consortium
of people, such as yourself,
and not necessarily politicians
or post politicians,
but artists,
engineers, scientists,
entertainers that are
ethically inclined
to discuss this matter."
And he said, "Yeah, I
would love to be involved."
And I spoke to him
for about 45 minutes,
and then he made sure
I had the ability
to communicate with him.
And he's come-- actually coming
out to California right now,
and I may be in
communication with him
while he's in California,
because I invited him.
I said, "Listen, don't believe
anything I'm telling you.
The doors are open for you
to go this SRI International,
they'll show you everything."
And he was quite
excited about that
because he didn't really
know what was going on.
>>REGINA: Well,
this has actually
made it quite a bit further than
just the last time we talked.
A lot has happened in
the last year or two.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes. yes.
>>REGINA: And then just making
its way into pop culture
so we can start embracing
it, as I mentioned earlier.
What's Sean Stone's
role in this?
What is he going to do
as a young producer?
>>MARTINEZ: He has
been remarkably,
for a young guy, really brave
about addressing all this.
This guy is totally
committed to social change
for the benefit of everybody.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>MARTINEZ: Big time.
>>REGINA: Really neat guy.
>>MARTINEZ: And when I
was with him in England,
arrangements had been made by
a gentleman in Australia, who
flew me out to England, but
the gentleman in Australia
made arrangements
for me to go meet
with the British government in
the form of Lord May at Oxford
University to tell
him about what
was going on in cold fusion.
Now initially, I
was like, OK, now
this is getting real
serious because I'm
going to be interfacing
with the empire.
>>REGINA: Mm-hm.
>>MARTINEZ: OK.
And we were driving to Oxford
University and Sean was with me
and he's all suited up, and
I'm there with another person,
Susan Anthony was there.
And he made arrangements
to meet with us,
and what I foresaw and
suspected to happen did happen.
He was very gracious
to meet with us.
But when I did meet with
him, I got not only him,
but the entire royal
oligarchy, if you
want to talk to it that way, was
there with him sitting with me.
And initially when we
were talking about it,
he was listening, he didn't
know anything about it.
But then the conversation
changed, because both Sean
and Susan, they
left because they
knew I wanted to talk
to him on my own, right?
And then the conversation
changed dramatically.
And I said, so,
Lord May, I said,
what happens when new
technology comes in England
and how is that addressed?
Who in the government
do you talk to you
about something like this?
He goes, "Me.
I am the government."
And I said, "OK."
I said, "Well, I am
cold fusion, myself."
>>REGINA: Bold
claims on your parts.
>>MARTINEZ: Yeah.
And I'm here to tell you,
I'm kind of its messenger--
because he didn't know
anything about it.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: He didn't
know anything about it.
He didn't know anything
about the data.
He knew nothing.
And in fact, later on,
privately he said-- on my way
out he said, "Good luck
with the cold fusion thing.
You're gonna need it."
>>REGINA: Oh, OK.
>>MARTINEZ: Yeah,
and which I took it--
>>REGINA: That's was
good, rousing endorsement
for the technology.
>>MARTINEZ: Yeah, and I was
just laughing at the guy
because he didn't want
to acknowledge it.
>>REGINA: So no real curiosity
to embrace it any further,
explore it further, on
behalf of his nation.
>>MARTINEZ: Well, he knows.
He didn't want to
acknowledge it.
>>REGINA: Mm-hm.
>>MARTINEZ: Because I told
him, "You better check
this out of what's
going on at SRI.
You better talk with
these scientists."
And it's not just the
United States, though.
He didn't acknowledge
it at all, which
wasn't disappointing to me
because it was a historical.
>>REGINA: Right.
Exactly.
>>MARTINEZ: Because
I told him, I
said, "Listen, I've
not signed off on this.
I'm going to talk about it."
And he says, "Whoa,
stay in touch with me.
Stay in touch with me."
And I said, "Well, I will
at the appropriate time."
>>REGINA: But what's
so interesting,
you just said this before.
You mean a lot of the
real groundbreaking work
has been happening
in the United States,
but it's South Korea
that's embracing it.
It'll be China's
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: Just like the
new economic systems
that are preparing behind the
scenes to be brought forward,
the last one on board,
as usual, is always
the United States of America.
Because they're
too-- what is it?
What is it?
Trying to squeeze
the last little bit
of gold out of any given old
paradigm before a new one
can come in?
What is it about the power
and greed factor here?
>>MARTINEZ: Based upon my
experience and my involvement
dealing with money and
debt and new currencies,
and where are we going,
what are we doing,
there's a vested
interest, as you
know, about clearing the way
for the new society to come in.
And rather than go into
the details of that
because I know other people
have talked about it with you--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MARTINEZ: I think
there's a clearing the way
to begin this new era.
And a lot of people say
we have-- there's too
many people on planet Earth.
And we need to
potentially reduce
that, which that's a
very serious issue on how
that's being done.
But--
>>REGINA: You bet.
>>MARTINEZ: -a lot of
people know that already.
So this changes the
equation dramatically
about some of the things--
population, which I think
is a total myth.
>>REGINA: I agree with you.
>>MARTINEZ: This comes down
to human changing behavior
on how we deal with each other.
Most wars are based
on scarcity and oil
and nonsense when nobody
agrees, when nobody wants
to-- no American really
wants to be in any more wars.
The public is completely
separated from people
I talk to about what's
going on over there.
The general public,
they don't want war.
They want this new
stuff to come out.
They want to regroup.
They want to go off the grid.
They want to live in
harmony with the Earth,
and that's what's
really going on.
But depending upon
who you talk to,
that's not part of the agenda.
But I am here to see to it
that as many people know--
>>REGINA: So are you saying
that cold fusion is, again,
trying-- the same powers that
be are trying to sequester,
and I say powers with a
little p, lowercase p.
Not genuinely powerful
beings, but we
know who I'm talking about.
Are they trying to--
>>MARTINEZ: When the Defense
Intelligence Agency--
>>REGINA: -sequester that
technology just for their--
>>MARTINEZ: Anything
that's classified
>>REGINA: -own use?
>>MARTINEZ: Anything I
think that's classified
that could benefit humanity
and stop war and do all
these effects that we talk
about, that's horrible.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No, I agree.
And so is the impression you're
getting that this technology is
going to continue being
cloaked until somehow--
>>MARTINEZ: This is
what's going to happen.
>>REGINA: -a vast percentage of
the population has been reduced
and it can be utilized by
the benefit of the few who
continue?
>>MARTINEZ: What's
going to happen
is it's going to
come out invisibly.
In fact, it may
be out right now.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MARTINEZ: And it's going
to come out invisibly,
and it's just going to
start showing up places.
That I assure you of.
>>REGINA: Good.
>>MARTINEZ: That
will happen anyway
and people won't even know that
it's around until a later time.
That's going to happen anyway.
So no matter how
many people cut it,
that's what's going to occur.
Now, and I indicated
this to you before,
is that I would like
to start seeing to it
that people in key
positions like Regina
Dugan, former head of
DARPA, who's now at Google,
address the utilization
of cold fusion
with all the new tech
that's coming out.
And what she has
to say about it,
and how that's going to play
out with some of the biggest
companies in the world that
are involved with this quietly.
>>REGINA: Do you
have her number?
I'd love to interview her.
>>MARTINEZ: I've put feelers
out to arrange that because it's
time that other people
start addressing this.
>>REGINA: No, it is.
It's time for some of these--
>>MARTINEZ: And seeing
what they have to say.
>>REGINA: -power
players to come forward.
>>MARTINEZ: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: OK, any
final thoughts, James?
>>MARTINEZ: No.
I just want to thank
you for taking the time,
allowing me to come on here.
You know me well and
you know what I'm doing.
>>REGINA: Yes, I do.
And I thank you for doing
this because I, too,
have been following the subject
since those first announcements
25 years ago, and certainly
not to the degree you have.
And I very much
appreciate the journey
you've been through
with all the cloaks
and daggers and everything.
>>MARTINEZ: Thanks a lot.
>>REGINA: I, too,
have been following
this story, albeit casually,
for a couple of decades
now in a state of
expectation for the beauty
these new technologies
can bring to humanity.
It seems it's just a
matter of time now.
To stay informed, you
can follow James' website
at jamesmartinezmedia.net.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[THEME MUSIC]